For my final project, I chose to create a landing page for myself that would act as a first page for my browser to open to. Since I usually always listen to a few different podcasts each day, I implemented a dropdown menu that would allow me to fetch and load a few predefined podcasts that I frequently listen to. I also implemented an option for search that uses Apples iTunes API to search for podcasts and then load the first result. I will work on this some more after the class to implement search results for myself so that I can select the most appropriate one but for right now, the first result is the one that is loaded.

I also take a couple different news sources rss feeds and write the headlines, a short description, and the published date onto the page. If the screen is a phone or too narrow, the news source selection menu turns into a dropdown menu which can also be used to select which source is being viewed at the moment.

In the end, I chose to not use any jQuery and stick to vanilla JavaScript but I think things could definitely be more concise with jQuery. I had to manipulate the DOM pretty extensively for this project as most of it is dynamically written in from other sources. I also used it to show the search entry box only when the search option was chosen from the drop down. I used a third party API called rss2json so that I could deal with JSON objects rather than parse XML with javascripts DOMParser as the objects seemed easier to work with. Maybe in a future project I will use it. Since this is a project that will remain useful to me, I am considering adding db integration so that I can add to the list of sources for both news and podcasts.

I am not sure how I feel with how I did with this project. I did struggle with a few things dealing with the asynchronous calls that I had to do but I think the code is still a bit messy and needs some more refactoring. I still am not sure if I am following JavaScript best practices with my project but I hope to get better in the future. I came into this class not really knowing the language and possessing some preconceived notions about it that were less than flattering but as the weeks went on, I started to enjoy it more and more. It's pretty cool how much that you can see being done on the page with the code. I do hope to be able to tackle more JavaScript projects in the future. I think I got to a level where I am pretty comfortable with the language, above beginner but I think I have far to go to get to JS Ninja or even intermediate. All in all, I'm very satisfied with where I have ended up, knowledge wise.
